Hahahaha
Ha ha.
Cao Lin, you sent 12 gold medals in a row to make me return to the camp calmly
You must give me a reasonable explanation.
It seems that you have not taken the king's order
Take it into account
I finally laughed out loud.
But don't be bold with the traitor
Long Shuai didn't take off his armor when he saw the general
Ah!
Hahahaha
Long Shuai 6 Where do you know what I am guilty of?
Death penalty for obstructing peace in the world
Lu Shuai Run
It's hard hair.
Cao Lei, as a military marshal
You actually colluded with a group of princes to slander the grand marshal
It will only add to the sin
Liao Fan
The Nine Kingdoms have reached an agreement with me
As long as you die
They will stop attacking
Daxia doesn't need you anymore
Agreement you are patriotic
Everything in the world can be clearly priced
Why can't you sell it?
Cao Lin, I want you to die
Two gods of war
Liao Fan will leave it to you
If you want to kill, you can cut it
I still have to write Chasing Uncle
Hahahahahaha
Ha ha.